[20609, 2.0, "I had a lot of pain in my left leg, so I did some yelping, checked my medical plan, and made an appointment with Dr. Akizuki. The doctor spent as much time initially with me as seemed necessary. He didn't rush, and explained he thought I had a hip problem. I was to get an xrays and an MRI and call back.Once the MRI results were back, Dr. Akizuki and I began a game of phone tag. Finally in a voice mail message, he told me that my ankle was in pretty bad shape. We'd need an appointment to sort out what to do. It was a bit annoying to have to exchange two or three phone calls to get this information, and of course, I was a bit surprised that the diagnosis had changed from a hip problem to an ankle problem. In fact, I was sure a mix up had occurred. I made another appointment.Dr. Akizuki explained that yes it was a hip problem no explanation about the ankle message and that I was a bit young for hip replacement although he didn't rule that out. He said we could try cortisone to the hip which would require fluoroscopic needle guidance the hip joint is tricky to find unlike a knee. I guess Dr. A. had made a simple mistake the ankle call and still believed he was OK. We scheduled the procedure.The procedure went well. Dr. Akizuki was careful to explain everything he was doing and very careful to be sure I was comfortable and painless. He inserted some dye, found the joint, and gave me a shot of cortisone. All was fine.I had a good deal of pain that evening, but the doctor had warned of that. I took a vidodin left over from a wisdom tooth extraction, but the pain was gone the next day, and the hip worked pretty well.In the next few days, however, the inside of my leg got completely black and blue as if it had been terribly bruised. Yet, there was no pain. In fact it was a little numb. I didn't know if the discoloration was bruising or if it might be the dye. Fairly concerned as the discoloration worsened and spread over the next few days, I telephoned the doctor again and left a message about the problem. No response. I called again. Still no response. After a month of no response, I gave up. My final word is that I think Dr. Akizuki is a competent, maybe even skilled Orthopedist. But somehow we got into an impossibly poor communication loop. I believe that my time is as important as my doctor's time. I don't believe I should have to chase a doctor down to find out what's happening with my health once I've engaged the doctor. I've heard about some pretty cool hip replacement technology going on at UCSF, so I'm turning my energy to finding out about it, and choosing a different Orthopedist. Sorry Dr. A. Hope our experience was just an aberration."]