[23355, 5.0, "I took my son to Dr. Saxena following a ruptured achilles tendon. He is an elite level athlete with college opportunities slipping with every week off field. BUT walking the rest of his life without a limp is most important! I found Dr. Saxena confident in his diagnosis and matter of fact in his prognosis. It was in his bio online with Palo Alto Medical Foundation that he specialized in Achilles work. So though he was the only Dr. available for consult Friday morning, I believe he was the right doctor. He came in before his scheduled surgeries to meet with us. We raced to get there so we would not be the cause of a late doctor. He did not rush through his exam. He spoke to my son, directly! He understood that as a junior in high school he was lookng at college and asked which ones. I booked my son's surgery for the following Tuesday. As an anxious mom, I sought a second opinion from a highly regarded orthopedist. He was wonderful too. Nice. But no more conversational than Dr. Saxena. In the end, we opted for the surgeon that performs 34 of these operations per week rather than the one that does 34 every couple of months. The preop meeting left me totally confident in the hands to which we had placed our son.Our post op appt was today, Dr Saxena asked a little more about my son and continued to form a relationship. I believe that he is interested in my son and he is invested in his progression through this injury and healing process.I would recommend Dr. Saxena to patients who realize their injury will take more than one appointment to solve if they can get through it in one appt boy are you lucky! He is very interested in the healing process. I did my research based on his body of work, not my stressed out first meeting, although I left the office totally confident in my choice and really only sought a second opinion I could not answer questions that well meaning friends had asked. I understand the stress people are under when faced with physical challenges and would encourage you to do your research and select your medical care provider based on their experience, specialty and if you can discover it, their personal passion for the procedure you are about to undertake. By the way, I too feel it matters little what your feet look like as long as you can put one in front of the other! Scars are just another story to tell. Good luck if you are researching this, I know you need it.PSI really liked his assistant...she did everything I asked of her, changed pharmacy for prescriptions, sent attendance letter to son's school...did you ask anything of her? Or try to talk to her for any length of time? Slow down with the negativity people..."]