[20802, 1.0, "Do not let Dr. Jon Dickinson scope your hips. I have a long history with CPOSM and I won't delve into the hours wasted waiting in their lobby. My frustration lies solely with Dr. Dickinson. He scoped both my right and left hip and my right hip is now in much worse shape  from Day 1 post op  and my left hip saw no improvement. Recent MRI's on both hips clearly show a lot of carelessness on Dr. Dickinson's part  per his surgical peers, he didn't do a very thorough job on either hip.Dr. Dickinson was made the de facto hip arthropscopy surgeon in the office after Dr. Gilbert retired. So Dr. Dickinson does knees, shoulders and hips as well as spends time as the Oakland Athletics orthopedist. Knowledgeable surgeon, indeed, but he is so incredibly rushed both in failing to describe the risks associated with surgery and doing a thorough job in the maximum 90 minutes he allocates to your surgery. Hip surgeries inherently take longer due to the traction process, but Dr. Dickinson is so careless in what he does that he seems jaded in thinking followup surgeries are just part of the process. I now have second and third opinions from other hip surgeons who have seen before & after MRI's of my right hip, which is in constant pain. Both say Dr. Dickinson's questionable surgical actions to debride tearing tissue away from my right labrum without doing a thorough job removing osteophytes near the labrum have resulted in exposed nerves in the labrum. Those nerves are now being constantly irritated with pain and clicking in my hip that wasn't present before surgery. Both surgeons also say that I didn't even need the surgery in the first place, since I didn't have any pain in my right hip months leading up to the surgery. Dr Dickinson still, however, encouraged me to have surgery on it, since the MRI showed a torn labrum. He claimed that torn labrums will eventually lead to hip replacements, which has never been proven medically valid, and he failed to tell me that 23's of hip arhroscopy's leave the patient worse or the same, especially when it comes to labrum surgery which is so uncertain.As with everyone else on this board, Dr. Dickinson nonchalantly told me to give it a year with rehab, which I did. It has been over a year and a half, and my right hip has not improved since Day 1 post op  it has gotten worse. It was fine before surgery. I now live in NYC and Dr. Dickinson won't return my phone calls or respond to my letters asking for reimbursement for my outofpocket expenses for the surgery on my right hip. There is ZERO accountability from him or CPOSM when it comes to their actions, despite 2nd3rd opinions discrediting them. I even wrote to Dr. Callander Managing partner explaining my situation  nothing from him either, which is completely disrespectful. There is something seriously wrong with a surgeon when he shows less accountability after working on my body than an auto mechanic does after working on my car."]