[21156, 5.0, "I had a total hip replacement with Dr Callander last year on 129, so I'm over 1 year post op. Having the total hip completely changed my life! I'm only in my 40's but have had two hip surgeries prior to the total hip prior surgeries were not done by Dr. Callander. I was diagnosed with congenital hip dysplasia in my late 20's it was never diagnosed when I was younger. It's important to note that growing up I was extremely athletic  soccer, softball, track, etc. so to go from very active to literally not being able to walk normal in my late 20's was horrific. I visited several doctors before I was correctly diagnosed. My first surgery was around age 30 and because I was so young they opted NOT to do a total hip at that time and did a Periacetabular Osteotmy. This actually made my following years very difficult. In the end I don't think that was the right surgery for me, as it completely limited my range of motion and I still walked with an extremely pronounced limp, 1 year after that first surgery I had 2nd to remove excess bone growth after the Osteotmy, but again didn't bring much relief. I moved into my mid30's just living with what I was dealt, still active when I could be, but near the amount I was. I had 2 kids as well  but after my 1st child my hips became worse although during pregnancy they were great and after my 2nd child I pretty much immediately went back to CPMC. The doctor who performed my first 2 surgeries retired  and I loved him so I did my research and I found Dr. Callander. Every appointment Dr. Callander answered questions and he was realistic with managing my expectations. Because I had these prior surgeries my fearconcern was that I would have a total hip and see no change, that I would still have a severe limp, and pain. I went into surgery with the hope that at least the total hip would alleviate pain. Dr Callander also was very clear with me that he would try and fix the leg length discrepancy but he really wouldn't know more until he was in surgery. The prior surgery left me with 3 pen length screws holding things together. I woke up from surgery and from there it was an instant game changer  I could tell I was going to get my life back. I was up the same day w a walker and the PT therapists were great in hospital. I was discharged but had home care come for a few weeks, and then had outpatient therapy to build back strength in my hipleg. This is the part that is not easy so It's important you follow direction, take care of yourself, and push yourself hard during physical therapy. I literally was pain free after surgery and the best news was that Dr Callander was able to correct my leg length issues completely. I know not everyone has the same results but for me I feel like he saved me and I will forever be grateful. His staff, Mara, was amazing. I actually know at some point I'll need to have my other hip done, and I will absolutely see Dr Callander for that as well. Hands down  top notch surgeon!"]